Wallace jr. three wide as they going to
turn number one
here comes around her Olga
Eric Jones has the lead as they come out
of turn number two little bottle for him
around goes Eric Jones
her ogre turned Erik Jones around
caution comes out the 51 had bottled
Jesse's he was coming out of turn number
2 and I think Kuroko was still hard on
the gas
Jones hard on the gas there's rice
there's the bobble and up the track he
went but Caraga had the option to get
out of the gas a little bit there
obviously going for the lead it's a lot
different and he figures if he gets out
of the gas that he's going to lose his
momentum the guys behind him are gonna
they're gonna try to make a move on him
it definitely wasn't intentional incur
Ogas and on Coronas part i don't believe
i think he just was dead on the gas and
as soon as Eric Jones bobbled he was
into the back of a running down pit road
I've got a feeling they may be looking
for the pin pit of the 77 Oman caraga
the officials trying to slow down
yeah I'm fine I guess we just got dumped
again it seems like he can't get away
from this fast truck I felt like we were
we were well in hand to the race at this
point you know I got a little free but
yeah I mean like right in the left rear
just turned us around so I don't know
what to do about that you know we had a
great joy to care tandra really just I
don't know felt like we had the race a
fellow he was our race we had a great
truck and felt like we should have
should have been there in victory lane
well first of all these red wines was
dedicated for Carlos party which we lost
five years ago and uh I mean it was
really close net10 tundra was really
fast
this weekend and I knew we had a shot
for yeah I mean he started getting loose
he he drove in really deep into one he
started getting loose and he was slowing
like a lot on the exit and and I just
like to be honest kept on going and try
to move a little to the left and give
him enough room but he was already
sideways and couldn't I mean couldn't
tell if somebody was pushing or not and
I just kept on driving straight not to
try not to hit him but it is unfortunate
cuz it's a Toyota truck it's it's good
for red horse we got the second and
third and we're coming back in the point
so I'm pretty happy about that